WIP: Use existing subnet (#26)
cloudeteer/terraform-azurerm-launchpad: examples/existing_subnet/README.md

> # Example: Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Example: existing_subnet
```

> This secondary usage example demonstrates the launchpad module using an existing Azure Subnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example showcases the Launchpad module configured to utilize an existing Azure subnet.
```
